[Wrangler] Removed duplicate line in D1 Bindings section (#17874)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/wrangler/configuration.mdx

>   - The preview ID of this D1 database. If provided, `wrangler dev` will use this ID. Otherwise, it will use `database_id`. This option is required when using `wrangler dev --remote`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The preview ID of this D1 database. If provided, `wrangler dev` uses this ID. Otherwise, it uses `database_id`. This option is required when using `wrangler dev --remote`.
```
